design Student: Jeffrey Zeldman
community Student: Richard Stallman
Teacher: ---Sandi Metz---
devops Student: Kelsey Hightower
development Student: Douglas Crockford
community Student: Saron Yitbarek
design Student: Mike Monteiro
community Student: Stephanie Morillo
community Student: Raffi Krikorian
development Student: Eileen Uchitelle
devops Student: Mitchell Hashimoto
development Student: Joe Armstrong
development Student: Lyza Danger
devops Student: Casey West
development Student: Larry Wall
design Student: Matt Griffin
development Student: Allison Randal
design Student: Petro Salema
development Student: Jos√© Valim
devops Student: Andrew Clay
development Student: Aaron Patterson
design Student: Brad Frost
development Student: Scott Hanselman
design Student: Lara Schenck
development Student: Joshua Suereth
development Student: Bryan Liles
devops Student: Seth Vargo
community Student: Jono Bacon
development Student: Nadia Odunayo
